[MUSIC]
>> Brian Holt: So let's open your exercise
here.
>> Brian Holt: Something
else that bears mentioning.
>> Brian Holt: I wrote a little
visualization tool for you, so,
>> Brian Holt: If
you look down here,
you'll see this is what the answer
will look like.
>> Brian Holt: It's called bubble loop,
cuz look at this 1, right?
You can see this 1 kind
of bubble up to the top.
That's why it looks,
things kind of tend to bubble up.
>> Brian Holt: And that's why it's called
a bubble loop, or a bubble sort rather.
>> Brian Holt: Okay,
so come in here to the exercise.
>> Brian Holt: [COUGH] So
again, if you want to suspend
the the test from running,
just come down here to the bottom and
say xdescribe.
I highly suggest that because once
you start writing these loops,
you're gonna get a infinite loop,
which is the ugly cousin of the infinite
recursion.
>> Brian Holt: Actually,
they're kinda both equally ugly.
Both of them are gonna make your
browser tab crash, so don't.
I have here a recap of
how bubble sort works.
It's exactly what I just described to you.
>> Brian Holt: And
then there is the optional
visualization helper.
You don't have to use this,
your unit test will still pass without it.
But if you want to, at the beginning
of your inner loop, call snapshot.
Snapshot with whatever your array is,
just passing the whole array.
And if you do that,
you'll get the visualization tool at the
bottom just working for free, hopefully.
But yeah, just call it every single time,
it'll do all the deduplication for you.